[Revolutionary Love]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Move, move.
[Episode 1]
Move!
Get out of the way!
Stop right there!
Get away from me.
Oh no. What do I do?
Are you all right, Grandma?
Hey, Manager Kim!
Let's never meet again.
Oh my!
Oh no.
I'm so sorry.
Sorry, Grandma.
Oh, my shoulder.
This side.
Where do you think you're running?
You need to pay up.
What money do I owe you?
Don't play dumb.
Pay up now or you'll go to jail.
How would you get
your hands on my assets?
What do you mean, how?
I'll do it legally.
[Authentication of Wages in Arrears]
[Baek Joon]
Rude girl who harasses her employer.
Vampire who sucks the blood
of part-time workers dry.
Take this and get lost forever.
It's still my money.
Don't look down on part-timers
and try to steal their money.
Don't live your life that way,
Manager Kim.
Here.
- What is this?
- Your change.
I'm precise when it comes to money.
Oh no. It's already 5:00 p.m.
Me? I'm Baek Joon.
An alpha girl surviving
in the 21st century of Hell Joseon.
No, no... I'm a part-timer girl.
- I'll have two of them.
- Sure.
Would you like them hot?
Thank you.
Working part-time can be a career too.
Working three part-time jobs can
get you an income of a full-time job.
You say I should find a stable job
while I'm still young?
Do you know that one must
spend tens of millions of won
to build up a good resume?
Thank you.
You should have some rice wine too.
That's enough for me.
Oh, just have some. Go on.
Have some more.
It's not really alcohol.
It's a natural tonic.
I can't get drunk
because of my next job.
How many jobs do you work per day?
Why would a young lady
who graduated college live this way?
It's a waste of time and money to
spend money building up my resume.
You're right. Who here hasn't
graduated from college?
Even if you work hard and get a job,
you'll be out of a job by your 40s.
I was 39 actually.
First thing here...
Mister Kim who worked at M Electronics.
This is Team Manager Lee.
Mister Lee from L Securities.
Madam Ahn who was a Gangnam lady before
her husband's company fell into ruin.
We should go for a round of golf.
A stable job in Hell Joseon
has long become a fantasy.
A person I once knew owned a
chicken restaurant after being laid off.
He then passed away
of a brain hemorrhage.
That is why I've chosen a quick
and long-lasting path for myself.
[Human Management, the path I walk]
[Gangsu Group's Byun Gang Su]
Oh, hello.
- Hello.
- Chairman Hong.
Congratulations.
Thank you for coming all this way.
- Congratulations.
- Yes. Thank you.
- You've been doing well, haven't you?
- Yes.
- How about you?
- Yes, thanks to you.
- You look very beautiful.
- Thank you.
- Would you like some champagne?
- Oh, yes.
- Congratulations once again.
- Thank you.
Want a drink?
I'm working right now.
I thought this was "human management."
Your chairman is so strict.
He should let his employees
have fun at an event like this.
When did you get a job at the hotel?
It's a part-time job.
How long are you going to
keep up with the part-time jobs?
What's wrong with part-time jobs?
You work at Gangsu Group and are
standing there unable to drink water.
I'm working while eating.
The food is great today.
Lack of responsibility.
That's the difference between
a pro and an amateur.
Where is the son of
the CEO that you work for?
I'd like to look at a third generation
son of one of these rich families.
Mind your own business
and just do your job.
I won't.
Hello. Where are you right now?
My friend!
My friend.
(In French)
(In Japanese)
Jae Hoon... my friend.
My friend. My friend.
(In French and Japanese)
Is something wrong?
Chae Ri didn't come.
We were supposed to meet in Bali
but she's ignoring my texts and calls.
My friend! Where are you?
Gosh, does he think he owns this plane?
Excuse me, sir.
If you're done talking,
please return the phone.
Even now, I want to
see Chae Ri, Jae Hoon.
What am I supposed to do now?
Chae Ri...
Are you drunk? Where are you?
Chae Ri!
One moment. One moment.
This is Hankook Air,
flight from Bali to Incheon.
Many of the passengers are complaining,
so may we end this call?
Thank you for your cooperation.
Please sit down.
I am sitting.
Not there. Down here.
Can't you give me just one more drink?
I'm begging you, please.
According to our regulations,
any more will be a problem.
Everyone, everyone!
She is providing me bad service.
How do I get out of here?
It's dangerous. You shouldn't stand.
Hey... hey!
Get into your seat right now!
Sir!
Oh no!
I will be shooting my Taser at you now!
What an amusing story.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
Oh, your eldest son is handsome
whenever we see him.
Thank you.
I don't see your second son though.
He's on his way now.
He has a severe cold.
I don't think he'll be able to make it.
Why? Did he cause trouble again?
Come on, now.
One moment, Father.
You know I have a fear of flying, right?
I'm really scared of turbulence.
What happened was that I stood up
and then there was severe turbulence.
When that suddenly happened,
I held on to anything that could save me.
So, you grabbed
the flight attendant's breasts?
That's right.
Oh my.
I was filled with terror
and thought we would crash.
Can't you understand?
On my life, it won't happen again.
In the center of my business...
there has always been love.
In the center of love,
I have built up my management.
The 21st century is the generation
of the fourth industrial revolution.
The open market is
our biggest asset and value.
[Settlement Agreement]
This is the path Gangsu Group must take.
This will be our goal.
As our previous chairman wished...
Gangsu Group will be a company that
leads the way in development for Korea.
We will stand tall in the global market!
Hey.
Let's go.
Hold on!
Okay.
Your hair.
Okay. Looks good.
Hey, you bastard!
Please calm down and listen.
What kind of excuse do you have
this time, and what are you up to?
It's not an excuse. I had my reasons.
Get over here. Get over here!
You punk! How did I have a son like you?
I wasn't a good mother
and it's all my fault.
Don't blame yourself, Mom.
How many times did I tell you?
I was in a rush to come out.
You were born at seven months.
You shouldn't make your mom suffer now.
Get your act together
and live like a proper human being!
Father! Your blood pressure...
Blood pressure?
Before you worry about my blood pressure,
worry about your own legs!
Get over here.
Chairman, I brought it.
If you come at me like this,
I can't communicate with you.
What? Communicate?
Hyuk, just beg for forgiveness.
Say that you're sorry.
Why do you get angry
before even listening?
Section Chief Kwon, bend over.
- Father!
- Yes, Chairman.
No, Jae Hoon didn't do anything wrong.
He let a ticking time bomb
like you on a plane alone.
I lied to Jae Hoon and got on the plane!
You punks. You're both the same.
You have nothing better to do
than eat and act this way.
Father!
I'm sorry, Father.
Everything is my fault.
If you're going to
hit someone, then hit me.
Keep him out of my sight
for the time being.
Got it?
Thank you, Section Chief Kwon.
Get up now.
Why is it that my own father
won't even bother listening to me?
I have my reasons too.
I think he's just getting angry
because he wants to.
I suppose I should just obey.
It's my living.
You should know
you can enjoy that privilege.
Before you start complaining...
Is that how it is?
Good job, everyone.
- Good job.
Will you be okay
to clean up alone, Baek Joon?
Of course, I should do this much,
at the very least.
You should go home.
I can always count on you to do your job.
Then I'll trust you and go.
- Yes. Thank you, Manager.
- Thanks.
I'm home.
Hello. Good morning.
Here's your drink.
Hello.
Looks like you have dark circles.
You'd better have some.
Please go on and have it.
Thank you.
Hello. Good morning.
Section Chief Kwon,
when did you get promoted?
I told you I wouldn't drink that.
You got a promotion.
Why don't buy some?
Help me increase sales.
Follow me.
Take this.
What is this?
An application for new employees.
Why would you give me this?
For someone like you,
I can ask HR to get you an interview.
Isn't that why you're
delivering the green smoothie?
Don't go from department to department
showing your face around.
Getting people to know your face
like that isn't going to help.
It'll lose you points during interviews.
Why?
Because it's a lowly job
to deliver smoothies?
Hey, a person's value is
determined by the work they do.
You must be mistaken thinking that
the work you do is highly valued.
I don't want to make money
cleaning up after rich people.
Stop it with that pride of yours.
The work you do ends up
earning money for that CEO too.
No, I don't act as a fixer
for my employer's son.
It's been quiet lately.
It was fun seeing
your face in the papers.
I'm telling you one more time.
I have no interest in being a full-time
employee, especially for your company.
[Gangsu Group Second Son
Mister B, Drunk Driving]
Gangsu Group's second son, Byun Hyuk.
He's famous.
Drunk driving, not paying bills
at clubs, public urination.
The cases are always buried.
And every time, you appear in the media.
But this airplane incident is a big case.
It's at a different level
than these little crimes.
I know that.
Have you eaten?
It's still early.
Is it?
It's been so long since
I've eaten at the right meal time.
That's how prosecutors are.
I can't eat or sleep.
I have to do everything at once.
What isn't hard in this world?
It must be hard for you too,
running chores for these rich folks.
Then I'll assume this has been resolved
and I'll get going, Senior.
I thought you would come work for me.
Weren't you preparing
to take the prosecutor exam?
I was surprised to hear
you went to Gangsu Group.
You were the top of your class.
Why do you live like this?
You and I aren't very different.
We both live off a salary.
Are you looking down on me
for accepting this money?
I know how it is.
It's hard to refuse orders
coming from your superiors.
This isn't a bribe I'm offering.
- It's a bonus.
- Oh, look at you.
By the way,
call me if you ever need anything.
I can always find a job for you
in our legal department.
I can offer you any salary you wish.
I'll get going, then.
I met the prosecutor in charge
and took care of it.
This is the original file
and there are no copies.
I know he's my little brother,
but gosh...
I really don't know what he's thinking.
He's very emotional,
so he makes many mistakes.
Thanks to you, Section Chief Kwon,
we were able to keep this quiet.
Since he got into trouble,
he should be quiet for a bit.
I hope so.
Where is he now?
Our separation can't be
so empty like this.
I'm sure something unavoidable
came up for Chae Ri.
I'll assume she can't contact me for now.
Don't obsess over it.
What are you looking at?
- I didn't look.
- You did.
You're the prettiest, Honey.
Hey, I really didn't look. I didn't.
Come on, Honey.
- You did too.
- Come and catch me.
Chae Ri.
I'm positive that was Chae Ri's voice.
Chae Ri, Chae Ri!
My key... key.
What do I do?
Chae Ri and Sung Kyu?
29, 30.
Chae Ri... Chae Ri.
Chae Ri...
Chae Ri.
I'm sure it's Chae Ri.
Oh my! My earrings, my earrings!
Honey, Honey!
What is it, my Honey?
You were the only one
who came into this room.
You can't accuse me
just because I was in this room.
Oh my.
How can you be so pretty
even when you're angry?
Don't get too angry.
You'll get wrinkles.
I'll just buy you another pair.
You look so shameless.
Who do you think you're lying to?
You think you're the first person
like this I've come across?
Hyuk!
Chae Ri wants all of this and this.
Sure, of course. Buy it all.
Really?
Here you go. I'll buy it all.
Hyuk! This one too.
Yes, of course.
Hyuk, what about this one?
- Hyuk?
- We'll take it all.
Hyuk, thank you.
In celebration of Hyuk
and Chae Ri's 30th day...
Let's get loud!
You two should now kiss.
Kiss, kiss, kiss!
Kiss, kiss!
We envy you.
Hyuk, go to Bali first and
I'll be right behind you, okay?
If it wasn't you,
then where's the other one?
You were the only person
who cleaned this place.
I only did the duties required of me.
I never even saw garbage like that.
So, if you insist on
accusing me of theft...
please come up with real proof.
I find it suspicious that a young person
would even do a job like this.
Are you doing this to steal from guests?
What did you just say?
Who do you think
you're speaking rudely to?
Are you serious?
- Stop!
- Honey!
What are you doing?
Let her go.
Apologize now!
She grabbed my hair first.
She should apologize first.
Baek Joon, let her go!
Why should I be
the only one apologizing? Why?
Because she's our guest.
I'm very sorry for the bother.
We'll do our best to find your lost item.
If we cannot find it,
we will compensate you for it.
I'll need an apology for her speaking
so rudely to me before any of that.
What are you doing, Baek Joon?
Apologize to her now.
Baek Joon!
Seriously!
You're crazy!
That's right. I am crazy.
I'll end up losing money I haven't
touched yet if I can't find it.
Of course I'd be crazy.
Why wouldn't I be?
Baek Joon, stop this immediately.
You said to find it.
First, as an employee,
you should make the guest feel better.
Didn't you hear me tell you to apologize?
Why should I when I haven't
done anything wrong?
Because the guest... is king.
Gosh...
Hyuk... Hyuk...
That hurts!
What is this?
Oh, my earring!
My earring!
Move your foot right now!
King? Give me a break.
The person who is wrong should apologize.
Hey, rude girl. Apologize to me.
I'll move my foot aside nicely
if you apologize.
Awesome.
Hey, you psycho!
I'm so sorry.
Hey... I could take you down
so easily, you little thing.
I could sue you for false accusation.
I won't bother
because it's a waste of paper.
I'm sorry. I sincerely apologize.
Look here, Baek Joon!
This is so annoying!
Hyuk?
Hyuk.
Hyuk... Hyuk!
No!
So annoying! So, so annoying.
I've lost love and I feel bitter.
Farewell, those short nights.
Farewell, they no longer belong to me...
these desires.
Even if you are a part-timer...
You don't have the basics as an employee.
Doing the labor and receiving pay
is enough as an employee.
Must I sell my pride too?
Money is pride, at least here.
The money you earn comes out
from that guest's wallet.
That's not really right.
2,470 won per hour is too low to ask me
to sell off my pride and feelings.
If that's a problem for you,
you should quit, right?
What do you mean, quit?
How can you fire an employee
who hasn't done anything wrong?
Stay quiet for now.
Don't make any noise for now.
Anyway, you're telling a person accused
of theft they should always say sorry.
Isn't that a bit unfair?
You... you....
Are... are people training employees
properly these days or not?
Forget it.
Please just deposit my wages
from last month into my account.
By today.
The guest is king?
This is a world where even presidents
can get dragged out when wrong.
What are you talking about?
That's what I'm saying.
Guest is king? That's so old-fashioned.
Why, you... you... you...
Both of you, get out right now.
Aren't you leaving? Get out now.
I can go on my own.
Get out of here, both of you.
This is wrongful termination.
Is it wrong to ask to be treated
with respect as an employee?
Wrongful termination?
I know I've heard that somewhere.
My goodness.
You treat your employees this way,
but you promise the best service?
I hope your crappy hotel goes into ruin!
There's no need to curse them.
What's with you anyway?
Well, I'm just...
Are you a part-timer too?
Do you work in the spa?
No, that's not it.
You're not a full-time employee, are you?
They chased you out anyway?
[Full-time employee?]
Wow.
[Part-timer?]
This is a terrible hotel.
You should report to the Labor Ministry.
I don't think I need to do that.
People always take it and
that's why they behave that way.
Report them and get them fined.
Get your back wages
and your legal fees too, okay?
Do I have to?
Good luck. I hope you win.
Anyway, thank you
for fighting with me, comrade.
Excuse me...
What's your name?
Me? Baek Joon.
Ah, Baek Joon.
What's your name?
Hyuk.
Byun Hyuk.
Byun... Hyuk.
That's a good name.
It has a good feeling.
Goodbye, Byun Hyuk.
Before she called out my name...
I did not make a single movement.
When she called out my name...
for the first time...
I became a flower.
What's this?
Why are you blocking me from entering?
Just leave for today.
Soon, we will calculate the funds
you earned along with that woman.
They will be deposited in your account.
Ah, you must be mistaken
because of my clothes.
I don't work here.
The manager has ordered us to
keep out employees who cause problems.
Oh, you really don't understand.
I really didn't want
to reveal my identity.
Don't reveal yourself.
Don't ever tell anyone who you are.
I'm Byun Hyuk of Gangsu.
I'm CEO Byun Gang Su's son!
It's the truth! Believe me!
- Hey!
- Be quiet!
I'm Byun Gang Su's son!
Let go, let go!
Put him down. Put him down.
I am Byun Gang Su's son!
Please just be quiet!
Do we really need to
call the police on you?
If there's any more bad gossip about you,
you and I are both dead.
My friend. My friend...
Those jerks.
They just kick me out like that?
I have no phone or wallet.
What do I do?
Oh, comrade.
You get on the bus here too?
Huh? Yeah.
Oh, you got hurt.
I went back to the hotel
and got in a little fight.
You were beaten up by them?
No, it was just a little bit.
No, I was like Sparta
against all them coming at me.
Now that you mention it,
could I use your phone to make a call?
I left my phone and wallet in the hotel.
They won't even let you
get your belongings from the hotel?
They are worse than I imagined.
Here, use it. Use it as much as you need.
Okay.
Is it not working?
I always use speed dial.
I suddenly can't remember the number.
My bus is coming. I have to go.
Oh, thank you.
Have you eaten?
How may I help you?
I need a suite room opened.
I can't find one
of your checked-in guests.
It's against our rules to open them.
I'm from the management team
at Gangsu Group.
The guest is Byun Hyuk,
the second son of CEO Byun Gang Su.
[Chairman's son]
I'm Byun Hyuk.
I'm CEO Byun Gang Su's son!
This seasoning...
The salted shrimp.
Sesame seed powder.
Some of this onion.
Pour in the radish kimchi soup.
Yum... yes.
People like us who work part-time
have to eat food with protein.
Why aren't you eating?
What is this?
Pork rice stew.
Is this your first time seeing it?
I've never seen
pork intestines in a stew.
You must be picky about food.
- Just try it.
- Okay.
Hey, try some of that meat there.
I've never seen meat like this before.
That's pig's head.
That's heart, that's brain,
and that is the ear.
Ear?
A pig's ear?
Yes.
Don't eat it if you don't want to.
For me, this is soul food. It's so good.
Someone whose soul gets comfort
from chewing on pig's ear.
If you think about it,
I think people are very cruel.
Do you not like pork?
Are you vegetarian?
No, I think we should eat it well
for the pig who sacrificed itself.
Do you know how much it costs
for a night in that suite room?
Around 1.2 million won?
With that money,
I can pay rent and monthly living costs.
I have to work every day as a maid
for a month to make that much.
That's all you make?
They looked around our age.
You think they earned that money?
I'm sure it was their parents' money.
Yes, they act superior using money
that their parents gave them.
Our nation's becoming more corrupt
because of people like that.
It's people like us who suffer.
How? How do we suffer?
They make you feel deprived and
you no longer want to work hard in life.
They make you feel hopeless,
so that you don't have the will to live.
Still, isn't it too much to say it's
a direct consequence of them?
You are so unaware of the real world.
We just got kicked out because of them.
- That's true.
- You know...
You will continue to get hurt
if you're this soft.
People who have nothing like us
need to have our heads on straight.
This is Hell Joseon.
Hell Joseon? What's that?
What is this combination
of Korean and English?
A life where living expenses
equals your monthly pay.
Is that why it's hell?
- Hurry up and eat.
- Okay.
Bye. It was nice meeting you.
Yeah. You too.
Right. You must not have bus money.
[Gangsu Group's Second Son "B,"
Airplane Disturbance]
Here. Take this.
By the way...
I have a favor to ask.
Here he comes!
Chairman, is it true your son
caused an airplane disturbance?
Where is he right now?
Please move!
- Please move!
- Chairman, give us a comment.
Chairman, Chairman!
Chairman, one comment please!
Sorry, Father.
Where is Hyuk now?
Catch him now and bring him to me.
Right now!
Yes, CEO Byun.
Gosh, where is he?
Here you go.
Where were they?
Still in his locker.
Then, are you saying
he disappeared in his swim trunks?
I don't see him leaving
after he enters the spa.
There's no way,
unless he died in the water.
- Take another look.
- Okay.
[Father]
Yes.
What were you doing?
How could you let that news come out?
Why is that my fault?
If you took care of Young Master,
this wouldn't have happened.
I have been taking
better care of him than ever.
He's not a child.
I can't watch him for 24 hours.
You should have done that if you had to.
Goodness, I'm ashamed
to see CEO Byun.
It's enough for me to do it,
so you don't need to act that way.
How is the Young Master? Is he okay?
I'm looking for him now.
Still?
Where could he be this late?
It's very cold out.
I hope he's not suffering.
The Young Master
you care so much about, Father...
I'm sure he's doing perfectly fine,
so just take care of yourself.
This kid... I guess work is hard.
Still, we're both living this well
because of CEO Byun.
He should be grateful.
That rascal.
Gosh, that kid.
The boy my father called
Young Master his entire life...
Oh, I'm so tired.
Dad!
Oh, come here.
Did you have fun playing, Hyuk?
Yes.
- Hold on, Sir.
- What?
What is it?
It's done.
All right. Let's go inside.
Bye, Jae Hoon. See you later.
My son is so good.
Did you have a good day too, Son?
Should we have ribs or bulgogi?
- Ribs!
- Sounds good.
Back then...
I didn't think I'd be
living my life cleaning up after him.
He was a burden,
a thorn in my side.
However, he was someone I couldn't
let go of, the elevator to my life.
No, Jae Hoon didn't do anything wrong.
He let a ticking time bomb like you
on a plane alone.
[Gangsu Group's Second Son "B,"
Airplane Disturbance]
No matter what kind of humiliation
I have to go through, I'll endure it.
I know I'll get my reward in the end.
He'll be a great man.
My Hyuk?
I don't think that sounds right.
How frustrated
do you think I was with him?
I came here for a talisman
for him to stop getting into trouble.
Why would you get a talisman
to get in his way?
Those are all necessary steps
to becoming great.
Einstein was told he had a
learning disability when he young.
Edison was a troublesome child
who got suspended.
You know that Steve Jobs was
doing drugs at one point, right?
Oh my word.
Jobs did drugs?
He has the Um and Yang and
the five elements inside of him.
He has the blessing
of people, money, and food.
You need not worry at all.
How do I convince him?
I need to bring it up well in the
beginning so he can't refuse.
Honestly, it's more likely he’ll say no.
He's very cold and rude.
I'll ask since you're in a bad position.
Don't have high expectations.
Joon, can I have one more?
Of course.
It costs 7,000 won,
but I'll charge you 6,000 won.
I'll pay you back once I get my wallet.
Don't forget that
staying the night costs 30,000 won.
Yes.
No, that's nonsense.
Hey, don't be that way and
just let him stay one night.
Huh? Huh?
He has no money at all,
so has nowhere to go tonight.
It's cold tonight.
How can I leave him on the street?
I don't know why I should let a person
I don't know in my house.
For the common good of all,
you could share your space.
No.
Kwon Jae Hoon,
why are you such a bad person?
Oh, help! Help me!
What? What is it?
It's a rat. A rat!
A rat. It's totally a rat!
What is this?
Ah, it's that person I told you about.
My comrade who
got fired from the hotel with me.
What? Comrade?
Nice to meet you.
Nice meeting me?
I told you he's a little cold.
Yes, yes. I understand.
Just let him stay one night.
If you don't let him stay,
I'll have to let him stay with me.
- What?
- Really?
I can't do that now.
We are male and female, after all.
He'll pay to stay the night.
We can split it in half, okay?
He may appear this way on the outside,
but his heart is as wide as the ocean.
- He looks nice.
- Of course, he is.
I feel bad for him. Just one night.
No, no.
What happened with you?
There was a misunderstanding because
of my clothes, as you can see.
They kicked me out without my phone,
so I couldn't even call you.
Yes, but how did you end up here?
I know! We must be destined.
Wow, so this is what
your room looks like.
Wow.
Get up. Go home right now.
No. I can't go.
Didn't you see the news?
That's why I can't go.
You need to turn yourself in.
We can't cover it up anymore.
That's what the CEO wants too.
Jae Hoon.
Chae Ri was cheating on me
with my friend, Sung Kyu.
I saw them together at the hotel.
Honestly, today's been a really hard day.
I just want to lie back
and rest for one day.
Can't you console me
for today, as a friend?
You really are the worst.
Do you know the chaos
you've caused at the company?
And you're having a hard time because
your girlfriend cheated on you?
It's my last night.
What?
If I turn myself in tomorrow,
I'll be in jail.
So, it's my last night.
Stay with me, my friend.
My friend.
(In French)
(In Japanese)
[Two-Year Savings Account Matures]
All because of that terrible girl,
I'm going to miss my goal.
It was the best part-time job
where I earned the most.
What will I fill that with?
They didn't care about
the rights of employees
and treated us like we're nothing.
I was so disgusted
that I just quit right there.
I did well, right?
If I were loyal
and stayed with the hotel...
I would have been hurt
like you were, Dad.
Dad... you understand why I don't
want to work full-time anywhere, right?
Sleep here.
Can't I sleep on the bed with you?
My back hurts.
No, you can't.
What is Joon like anyway?
She's not ordinary from what I can tell.
What do you mean?
She only works part-time jobs
and she's immature.
She's very cool.
She saved my life.
She's like a guiding light.
What are you saying?
If it weren't for her,
I could've starved to death.
She was the first person
to treat me so kindly.
It's because
she can't mind her own business.
I want to pay Joon back.
Did you borrow money too?
For the room and three bowls
of ramen, 49,000 won.
She sold ramen and rented a room
to a guy she doesn't even know.
Joon is so absurd.
- Get down.
- Ow.
Being unable to afford one meal was
the thing that made me feel the worst.
I felt so pathetic
because I didn't have it.
My pride was hurt and I felt so low.
Did you just find that out now?
I realized that I was a stupid fool
who couldn't even earn 10,000 won myself.
In return for obeying my father,
who's like the king...
I'm giving him that privilege and right.
I think I know.
What happened to you?
But Joon doesn't obey others.
Forget about a king.
She won't sell her self-respect and pride
for money and she just walked out.
It was totally awesome.
You really should have seen it.
I see she let her temper
get the best of her again.
How long have you known Joon?
Have you lived here with her a long time?
You don't need to know.
Mind your own business.
Did you not hear me?
I... like you.
I like you... I like you... I like you.
So, what?
What am I supposed to do?
It's making me angrier
the more I think about it.
A person's value is
determined by the work that they do?
Kwon Jae Hoon, you're just like that rude
girl and the manager who chased me out.
You stupid lackey!
I... like you.
I like you... I like you... I like you.
How close are you?
You're not dating, are you?
What?
Don't be ridiculous and sleep.
Right? You're not!
Yeah, there's no way.
But... why are you asking
if we're dating or not?
- You're not--
- I think Joon likes me.
What?
Why else would she be so good to me?
She took care of me a lot.
She took me around all day,
gave me rides, and fed me.
She even found me a place to sleep.
I'm telling you, she likes me.
I'm popular wherever I go.
You need to wake up early tomorrow
to turn yourself in, so sleep, okay?
Take good care of her
while I'm gone, Jae Hoon.
By the way, what's Hell Joseon?
Who are you speaking so rudely to?
Thinking about it...
I think I'm in love with her.
All the loves I've had so far...
they were just practice.
The girl I'm destined to meet...
I think I finally met her.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
Just come for now.
I followed Joon here and ended
up working a part-time job.
Please save me.
Don't make a scene.
Beg and stay quiet.
What? What is it now?
I'll stick it out until the end.
The girl I'm destined to be with,
and my childhood friend.
This is my true paradise.
Please discipline your son.
Why must everyone suffer
because of one person?
Did you cause trouble again?
What's wrong with you?
This won't do.
I'll have to prove it's not me.